android.support.v4.app.BackStackState
android.support.v4.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.Fragment: Fragment()
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity: FragmentActivity()
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost: void setOnTabChangedListener(android.widget.TabHost$OnTabChangeListener)
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status[] values()
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColorResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getTabIndicatorColor()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setDrawFullUnderline(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: boolean getDrawFullUnderline()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getTextSpacing()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setNonPrimaryAlpha(float)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setGravity(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollState(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter getAdapter()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnAdapterChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setCurrentItem(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getCurrentItem()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabledCompat(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getOffscreenPageLimit()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMargin(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getPageMargin()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.dailystudio.R$drawable: int icon
com.dailystudio.R$string: int app_name
com.dailystudio.R$string: int build_device
com.dailystudio.R$string: int build_manufacture
com.dailystudio.R$string: int build_platform
com.dailystudio.app.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.dailystudio.app.R$drawable: int icon
com.dailystudio.app.R$string: int app_name
com.dailystudio.app.R$string: int build_device
com.dailystudio.app.R$string: int build_manufacture
com.dailystudio.app.R$string: int build_platform
com.dailystudio.app.dataobject.CountObject
com.dailystudio.app.dataobject.CountObject: CountObject(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.app.fragment.AbsAdapterFragment: AbsAdapterFragment()
com.dailystudio.app.fragment.AbsArrayAdapterFragment: AbsArrayAdapterFragment()
com.dailystudio.app.fragment.AbsCursorAdapterFragment: AbsCursorAdapterFragment()
com.dailystudio.app.fragment.AbsLoaderFragment: AbsLoaderFragment()
com.dailystudio.compat.CompatAsyncTask$Status: com.dailystudio.compat.CompatAsyncTask$Status[] values()
com.dailystudio.compat.CompatAsyncTask$Status: com.dailystudio.compat.CompatAsyncTask$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.dailystudio.dataobject.DatabaseObject: DatabaseObject(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.dataobject.DatabaseObject: DatabaseObject(android.content.Context,int)
com.dailystudio.dataobject.database.DatabaseConnectivityProvider: DatabaseConnectivityProvider()
com.dailystudio.development.Logger$LogToken: com.dailystudio.development.Logger$LogToken[] values()
com.dailystudio.development.Logger$LogToken: com.dailystudio.development.Logger$LogToken valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.dailystudio.memory.activity.ActionBar
com.dailystudio.memory.activity.ActionBar: ActionBar(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.activity.ActionBar: ActionBar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.dailystudio.memory.activity.ActionBar: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.dailystudio.memory.activity.ActionBar: void setCustomView(int)
com.dailystudio.memory.activity.ActionBar: void setCustomView(android.view.View)
com.dailystudio.memory.activity.ActionBar: void setOverflowEnabled(boolean)
com.dailystudio.memory.activity.ActionBar: void setOverflowCallbacks(com.dailystudio.memory.activity.ActionBar$ActionBarOverflowCallbacks)
com.dailystudio.memory.activity.ActionBar: android.view.View getOverflowDropdown()
com.dailystudio.memory.activity.ActionBar: void setProgress(int)
com.dailystudio.memory.activity.ActionBarActivity: ActionBarActivity()
com.dailystudio.memory.activity.ActionBarActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View)
com.dailystudio.memory.activity.ActionBarActivityContent
com.dailystudio.memory.activity.ActionBarActivityContent: ActionBarActivityContent(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.activity.ActionBarActivityContent: ActionBarActivityContent(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.dailystudio.memory.activity.MemoryCoreAppCheckActivity: MemoryCoreAppCheckActivity()
com.dailystudio.memory.activity.MemoryPeroidBasedActivity: MemoryPeroidBasedActivity()
com.dailystudio.memory.app.MemoryApplication: MemoryApplication()
com.dailystudio.memory.app.MemoryPieceQueryReceiver: MemoryPieceQueryReceiver()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ActivityUsageTask
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ActivityUsageTask: ActivityUsageTask(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.AppCoreAppCheckActivity
com.dailystudio.memory.application.AppCoreAppCheckActivity: AppCoreAppCheckActivity()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.AppInstHistoryCheckTask
com.dailystudio.memory.application.AppInstHistoryCheckTask: AppInstHistoryCheckTask(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.AppTasksKeepAliveSerive
com.dailystudio.memory.application.AppTasksKeepAliveSerive: AppTasksKeepAliveSerive()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.FavoriteAppsCheckTask
com.dailystudio.memory.application.FavoriteAppsCheckTask: FavoriteAppsCheckTask(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.MemoryAppApplication
com.dailystudio.memory.application.MemoryAppApplication: MemoryAppApplication()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.MemoryAppDatabaseConnectivityProvider
com.dailystudio.memory.application.MemoryAppDatabaseConnectivityProvider: MemoryAppDatabaseConnectivityProvider()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.MemoryAppPieceQueryReceiver
com.dailystudio.memory.application.MemoryAppPieceQueryReceiver: MemoryAppPieceQueryReceiver()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.MemoryAppSearchableContentProvider
com.dailystudio.memory.application.MemoryAppSearchableContentProvider: MemoryAppSearchableContentProvider()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.PluginApp
com.dailystudio.memory.application.PluginApp: PluginApp()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int actbar_overflow_dropdown_in
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int actbar_overflow_dropdown_out
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int actbar_overflow_popup_overlay_in
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int actbar_overflow_popup_overlay_out
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int actbar_prompt_in_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int actbar_prompt_out_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int ask_board_in
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int ask_board_out
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int char_layout_anim
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int chart_in
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int circle_item_in
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int circle_layout_anim
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int expand_list_item_in
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int expand_list_item_layout_anim
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int fade_in
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int fade_out
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int favorite_app_in
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int favorite_apps_layout_anim
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int filter_check_list_in
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int filter_check_list_out
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int grid_item_in
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int grid_layout_anim
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int grow_fade_in
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int grow_fade_in_center
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int grow_fade_in_from_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int list_item_in
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int list_layout_anim
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int notify_view_in
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int notify_view_out
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int paper_clip_in
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int paper_clip_out
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int shrink_fade_out
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int shrink_fade_out_center
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int slide_fade_in_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int slide_fade_in_left
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int slide_fade_in_right
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int slide_fade_in_top
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int slide_fade_out_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int slide_fade_out_left
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int slide_fade_out_right
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$anim: int slide_fade_out_top
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$attr: int allowSingleTap
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$attr: int animateOnClick
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$attr: int bottomOffset
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$attr: int content
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$attr: int count
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$attr: int handle
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$attr: int minDigits
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$attr: int orientation
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$attr: int textColor
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$attr: int textSize
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$attr: int textStyle
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$attr: int topOffset
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int action_bar_bg_color
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int action_bar_popup_content_overlay
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int action_bar_text_color
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int action_bar_text_disable_color
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int android_blue
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int android_blue_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int black
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int blue
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int boot_expand_separator_active_color
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int boot_expand_separator_color
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int chart_transparent
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int core_app_check_step_text_color
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int dark_red
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int default_button_text_color
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int fadeText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int gold_yellow
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int gray
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int green
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int light_black
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int light_gray
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int light_white
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int orange
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int red
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int royal_blue
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int see_green
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int tomato_red
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int translucent_background
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int transparent
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int transparent_background
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$color: int white
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int actbar_count_text_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int actbar_custom_view_right_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int actbar_overflow_menu_icon_height
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int actbar_overflow_menu_icon_width
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int actbar_overflow_menu_item_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int actbar_overflow_menu_max_width
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int actbar_overflow_menu_text_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int action_bar_height
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int action_bar_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int action_bar_right_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int action_bar_text_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int alert_dialog_custom_view_padding_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int alert_dialog_custom_view_padding_left
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int alert_dialog_custom_view_padding_right
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int alert_dialog_custom_view_padding_top
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_filter_check_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_filter_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_flag_icon_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_flag_text_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_flag_text_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_flags_drawable_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_flags_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_flags_width
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_info_text_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_item_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_sort_radio_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_usage_chart_height
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_usage_chart_hmargin
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_usage_chart_topmargin
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_usage_chart_vmargin
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_usage_list_handle_bottom_offset
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_usage_list_handle_height
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_usage_list_handle_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_usage_list_handle_top_offset
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_widget_btn_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_widget_chart_margin_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_widget_chart_margin_left
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_widget_chart_margin_right
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_widget_chart_margin_top
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_widget_favorite_app_gap_height
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_widget_favorite_app_gap_width
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_widget_favorite_app_left_offset
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_widget_favorite_app_width
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_widget_favorite_apps_min_height
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_widget_favorite_apps_min_width
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_widget_frame_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_widget_grid_height
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_widget_grid_width
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_widget_label_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_widget_label_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_widget_margin
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int app_widget_title_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int appinst_history_action_icon_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int ask_question_answers_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int ask_question_content_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int bfw_hpadding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int bfw_min_content_height
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int bfw_title_height
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int bfw_title_hpadding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int boot_chart_margin_top
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int boot_expand_separator_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int boot_item_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int boot_label_width
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int close_button_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int core_app_check_badge_margin
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int core_app_check_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int daygroup_item_height
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_ask_board_width
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_button_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_chart_axis_title_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_chart_label_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_chart_legend_height
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_chart_legend_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_chart_margin_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_chart_margin_left
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_chart_margin_right
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_chart_margin_top
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_chart_title_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_check_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_content_hpadding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_content_vpadding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_empty_text_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_label_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_notify_height
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int default_res_icon_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int favorite_app_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int favorite_app_label_width
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int favorite_app_spacing
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int favorite_apps_empty_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int favorite_apps_frame_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int favorite_apps_title_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int lv_index_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int lv_index_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int lv_index_width
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int lv_item_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int lv_item_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int memory_ic_height
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int memory_ic_witdh
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int memory_index_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int memory_index_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int memory_index_width
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int month_item_height
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int notification_content_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int notification_dialog_height
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int paper_clip_content_hpadding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int paper_clip_content_vpadding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int paper_clip_frame_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int paper_clip_title_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int paper_clip_title_height
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int paper_clip_title_hmargin
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int paper_clip_title_vmargin
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int screen_on_distrib_chart_margin_top
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int useless_app_icon_size
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$dimen: int useless_app_icons_width
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int actbar_button
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int actbar_button_pressed_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int actbar_dropdown_background
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_01
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_02
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_03
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_04
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_05
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_06
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_07
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_08
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int actbar_vert_separator
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int app_debuggable_check_on
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int app_flag_check_off
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int app_persist_check_on
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int app_sd_check_on
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int app_sys_check_on
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int app_widget_background
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int app_widget_btn
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int app_widget_btn_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ask_board
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ask_board_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ask_board_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ask_dialog_bg
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int check_app_sd_flag
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int check_app_sys_flag
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int check_app_user_flag
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int check_background
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int check_off_dark
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int check_off_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int check_on
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int content_bg_op60
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int content_bg_op80
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int content_bg_op90
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int default_button
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int default_button_disabled_focused_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int default_button_disabled_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int default_button_focused_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int default_button_normal_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int default_button_pressed_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int default_content_bg
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int default_content_bg_pattern
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int default_dark_check
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int default_light_check
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int edit_text_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int favorite_apps_background
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int get_it_on_play_logo_large
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int get_it_on_play_logo_large_disabled
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int get_it_on_play_logo_large_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int get_it_on_play_logo_large_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int guess_right
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int guess_wrong
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_actbar_app_usage_history
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_action_overflow
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_action_search
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_disabled
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_favorite
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_favorite_empty
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_flag_debuggable
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_flag_persist
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_flag_sd
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_flag_sys
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_flag_unset
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_flag_user
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_info_manage
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_info_run
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_info_uninstall
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_inst
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_inst_history
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_manage_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_manage_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_not_updated
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_not_used
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_run_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_run_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_search_inst
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_search_uninst
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_search_update
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_statistics
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_uninst
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_uninstall
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_uninstall_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_uninstall_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_uninstall_system
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_uninstall_system_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_uninstall_system_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_update
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_updated
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_used
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_app_useless
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_boot
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_boot_active
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_boot_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_calendar_day
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_calendar_month
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_calendar_week
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_close_button
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_close_button_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_close_button_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_done
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_done_highlight
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_done_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_memory_bar_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_memory_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_memory_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_memory_record
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_menu_add
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_menu_calendar
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_menu_filter_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_menu_filter_non_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_menu_filter_sys_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_menu_history
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_menu_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_menu_manage_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_menu_screen_on_filter
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_menu_screen_on_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_menu_screen_on_today
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_menu_screen_on_weekdays
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_menu_screen_on_weekends
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_menu_search
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_menu_share
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_menu_sort_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_menu_today
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_nofity
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int ic_screen_on
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int icon
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int list_divider
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int list_focused
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int list_longpressed
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int list_pressed_dark
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int list_pressed_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int list_selector_background_transition_dark
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int list_selector_background_transition_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int list_selector_dark
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int list_selector_disabled_dark
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int list_selector_disabled_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int list_selector_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int menu_dropdown_panel_holo_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int notification_dialog_bg
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int notify_bird_left
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int notify_bird_right
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int notify_pole_and_line
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int paper_clip_close_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int paper_clip_close_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int paper_clip_window
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int paper_clip_window_close
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int scrollbar_handle
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int textfield_activated_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int textfield_default_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled_focused_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int textfield_focused_light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$drawable: int vert_divider
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int act_usage_list_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int actbar_activity_actionbar
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int actbar_activity_content
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int actbar_activity_overflow_menu
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int actbar_custome_view
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int actbar_overflow
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int actbar_overflow_menu_item
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int actbar_overflow_menu_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int actbar_overflow_menu_root
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int actbar_overflow_popup_overlay
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int actbar_progress
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int actbar_prompt
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int actbar_root
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int actbar_title
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int app_flag_1
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int app_flag_2
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int app_flag_3
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int app_flag_4
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int app_flags
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int app_info_window
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int app_inst_history_list_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int app_uninstall
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int app_usage_day_use_avg
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int app_usage_day_use_freq
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int app_usage_info_window
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int app_usage_label_day_use_avg
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int app_usage_label_day_use_freq
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int app_usage_list_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int appinst_history_action_icon
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int appinst_history_time
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int apps_filter_window
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int apps_list_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int apps_sort_window
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int ask_board
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int ask_view
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int bold
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int boot_actbar_custom_view
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int boot_base_layout
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int boot_expand_layout
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int boot_expand_separator
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int boot_info
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int boot_label_lifetime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int boot_label_shutdown
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int boot_label_uptime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int boot_lifetime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int boot_list_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int boot_records_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int boot_seq
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int boot_shutdown
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int boot_time
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int boot_uptime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int boots_count
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int chartStub
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int check_sd_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int check_sys_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int check_user_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int content
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int core_app_check_explain
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int core_app_check_google_play_badge
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int core_app_check_know_button
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int core_app_check_memory_installed
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int core_app_check_not_show_again_check
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int core_app_check_plugin
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int core_app_check_plugin_icon
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int core_app_check_plugin_name
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int core_app_check_step_one
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int core_app_check_step_two
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int core_app_check_steps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int extra_views
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int fapp_row_0
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int fapp_row_1
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int fapp_slot_0
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int fapp_slot_1
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int fapp_slot_2
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int fapp_slot_3
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int fapp_slot_4
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int fapp_slot_5
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int fapp_slot_6
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int fapp_slot_7
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int favorite_apps_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int favorite_apps_title
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int favorite_apps_title_separator
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int fclayout
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int fragment_app_usage_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int fragment_flags_root
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int fragment_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int fragment_list_flags
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int fragment_notification
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int fragment_question
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int fragment_view_root
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int handle
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int handle_iv
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int handle_text
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int horizontal
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int info_btn_manage
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int info_btn_run
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int info_btn_uninstall
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int info_first_install
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int info_label_first_install
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int info_label_last_update
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int info_label_package
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int info_label_recent_updated
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int info_label_recent_used
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int info_label_version
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int info_last_update
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int info_package
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int info_recent_updated
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int info_recent_used
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int info_version
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int italic
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int memory_icon
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int memory_index
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int menu_filter_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int menu_item_icon
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int menu_item_text
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int menu_list_months
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int menu_list_weeks
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int menu_manage_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int menu_no_sys_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int menu_screen_on_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int menu_screen_on_today
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int menu_screen_on_weekdays
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int menu_screen_on_weekends
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int menu_sort_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int month
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int month_name
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int months_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int normal
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int notification_close
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int notification_content
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int notification_title
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int notification_title_separator
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int notify_slot_1
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int notify_slot_2
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int notify_slot_3
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int notify_slot_4
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int notify_slots_root
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int notify_view
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int paper_clip_close_button
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int paper_clip_content
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int paper_clip_icon
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int paper_clip_title
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int paper_clip_title_separator
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int question_answer_right
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int question_answer_wrong
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int question_answers
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int question_content
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int question_title
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int question_title_separator
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int radio_sort_by_install_time
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int radio_sort_by_name
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int radio_sort_by_update_time
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int record_fastest_uptime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int record_fastest_uptime_delta
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int record_longest_liftime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int record_longest_liftime_delta
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int record_shortest_liftime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int record_shortest_liftime_delta
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int record_slowest_uptime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int record_slowest_uptime_delta
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int res_icon
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int res_label
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int screen_on_boot_seq
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int screen_on_distrib_chart_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int screen_on_duration
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int screen_on_info
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int screen_on_label_duration
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int screen_on_label_seq
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int screen_on_list_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int screen_on_time
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int sliding_drawer
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int stats_lifetime_day
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int stats_lifetime_day_label
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int stats_lifetime_hour
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int stats_lifetime_hour_label
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int stats_lifetime_min
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int stats_lifetime_min_label
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int stats_lifetime_sec
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int stats_lifetime_sec_label
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int uptime_trends_actbar_custom_view
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int uptime_trends_chart_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int uptime_trends_curr_month
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int uptime_trends_month_chart_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int us_duration
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int us_duration_sum
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int us_time
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int usage_activities_list_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int useless_app_icons
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int useless_app_info_window
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int useless_app_not_updated_icon
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int useless_app_not_used_icon
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int useless_apps_list_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int vertical
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int week_num
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int week_range
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int weekay_time
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int weekday_dayname
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$id: int weeks_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$integer: int aw_favorite_apps_span_x
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$integer: int aw_favorite_apps_span_y
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$integer: int config_activity_usage_task_peroid
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$integer: int config_appsNotifyBatchSize
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$integer: int config_chartAnimTime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$integer: int config_defaultAnimTime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$integer: int config_notifyAnimTime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$integer: int config_overflowAnimTime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$integer: int config_overflowOverlayAnimTime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$integer: int config_slowAnimTime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int actbar_activity
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int actbar_base
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int actbar_overflow_menu
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int actbar_overflow_menu_item
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_act_usage_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_app_inst_history_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_app_usage_info
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_app_usage_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_application_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_boot_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_boot_recrods
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_core_app_check
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_create_favorite_apps_shortcut
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_favorite_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_months_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_notification
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_question
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_screen_on_distrub_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_screen_on_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_uptime_trends_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_uptime_trends_month_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_usage_activities_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_useless_app_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int activity_weeks_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int app_info_window
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int app_usage_info_window
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int apps_filter_window
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int apps_sort_window
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int ask_host_view
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int boot_item
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int boot_item_expand
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int boot_list_actionbar
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int fragment_act_usage_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int fragment_app_flags
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int fragment_app_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int fragment_app_usage_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int fragment_boot_records
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int fragment_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int fragment_favorite_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int fragment_favorite_apps_settings_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int fragment_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int fragment_memory_ask
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int fragment_memory_notification
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int fragment_memory_notify
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int fragment_memory_question
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int layout_app_inst_history
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int layout_app_widget_favorite_app
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int layout_application
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int layout_duration_count_view
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int layout_favorite_app
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int layout_favorite_apps_setting
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int layout_month
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int layout_usage
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int layout_usage_statistics
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int layout_useless_app
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int month_item
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int notify_host_view
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int paper_clip_window
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int screen_on_item
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int uptime_trends_actionbar
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int usage_activity_list_item
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int useless_app_info_window
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int week_item
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int weekday_item
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$layout: int widget_favortie_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$menu: int menu_overflow_app_usage
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$menu: int menu_overflow_app_usage_monthly
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$menu: int menu_overflow_app_usage_weekly
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$menu: int menu_overflow_apps_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$menu: int menu_overflow_base_screen_on_distrib_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$menu: int menu_overflow_screen_on_distrib_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$menu: int menu_overflow_uptime_trend_month_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$plurals: int app_usage_day_use_freq_templ
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$plurals: int useless_app_info_recent_val_day_templ
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$plurals: int useless_app_info_recent_val_month_templ
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$raw: int default_showcase_404_page
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$raw: int default_showcase_404_page_style
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_act_usage_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_app_usage_info
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_app_usage_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_appinst_history
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_apps_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_ask_question
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_boot_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_boot_records
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_daily_app_usage_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_favorite_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_monthly_app_usage_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_months_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_notification
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_screen_on_distrib_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_screen_on_distrib_today
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_screen_on_distrib_weekdays
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_screen_on_distrib_weekends
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_screen_on_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_uptime_trends_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_uptime_trends_month_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_useless_app
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_weekdays_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_weekly_app_usage_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int activity_weeks_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int alert_dialog_button_cancel
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int alert_dialog_button_confirm
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int alert_dialog_uninst_app_title
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int alert_dialog_uninst_system_app_message_templ
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int app_filter_window_title
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int app_info_label_first_install
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int app_info_label_last_update
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int app_info_label_package
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int app_info_label_version
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int app_info_window_title
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int app_name
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int app_sort_type_install_time
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int app_sort_type_name
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int app_sort_type_update_time
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int app_sort_window_title
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int app_usage_info_window_title
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int app_usage_label_app_usage_history
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int app_usage_label_day_use_avg
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int app_usage_label_day_use_freq
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int app_usage_label_week_templ
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int app_usage_load_prompt
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int build_device
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int build_manufacture
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int build_platform
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int category_app_label
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int category_boot_label
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int chart_label_hour
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int chart_label_minutes
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int chart_label_seconds
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int chart_lable_date
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int core_app_check_button_know
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int core_app_check_confirm_dialog_message
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int core_app_check_confirm_dialog_title
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int core_app_check_explaination
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int core_app_check_installed
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int core_app_check_not_installed
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int core_app_check_not_show_again
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int core_app_check_step_one
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int core_app_check_step_two
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int default_app_label
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int default_ask_board_text
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int default_ask_question_title
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int default_bfw_title
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int default_category_label
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int default_iv_description
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int default_nodata_prompt
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int default_notification_title
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int default_paper_clip_window_title
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int default_searchable_matches_templ
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int disp_label_favorite_apps_month
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int disp_label_favorite_apps_week
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int error_unknow
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int favorite_apps_month_all
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int favorite_apps_month_user
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int favorite_apps_week_all
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int favorite_apps_week_user
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int flag_debuggable
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int flag_estimated
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int flag_persist
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int flag_sd
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int flag_sys
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int flag_text_debuggable
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int flag_text_persist
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int flag_text_sd
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int flag_text_sys
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int flag_text_user
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int flag_user
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int label_boot_lifetime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int label_boot_shutdown
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int label_boot_uptime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int label_fastest
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int label_longest
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int label_screen_on_boot_seq
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int label_screen_on_duration
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int label_screen_on_time
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int label_shortest
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int label_slowest
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int leaderboard_fastest_bootup
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int menu_filter_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int menu_filter_non_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int menu_filter_sys_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int menu_list_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int menu_list_months
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int menu_list_weekdays
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int menu_list_weeks
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int menu_manage_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int menu_screen_on_list
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int menu_screen_on_today
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int menu_screen_on_weekdays
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int menu_screen_on_weekends
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int menu_sort_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int menu_usage_history
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int month_pattern
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int no_favorite_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int notify_contnet_new_fastest_bootup
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int notify_contnet_new_longest_liftime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int notify_contnet_new_shortest_liftime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int notify_contnet_new_slowest_bootup
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int notify_title_new_bootup_records
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int notify_title_new_liftime_records
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int plugin_label_app
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int plugin_label_boot
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int screen_chart_load_prompt
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int seach_usage_duration_hour_templ
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int seach_usage_duration_min_templ
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int series_title_screen_on_duration
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int series_title_uptime
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int series_title_uptime_avg
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int series_title_usage_duration
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int task_label_activity_usage
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int task_label_app_inst_history_check
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int task_label_boot_alive
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int task_label_favorite_apps_check
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int task_label_screen_on_off
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int task_label_useless_apps_check
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int time_print_date_format
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int time_print_label_day
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int time_print_label_days
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int time_print_label_hour
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int time_print_label_min
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int time_print_label_sec
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int time_print_time_format
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int useless_app_info_label_recent_updated
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int useless_app_info_label_recent_used
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int useless_app_info_never_updated
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int useless_app_info_never_used
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$string: int widget_favorite_apps
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int ActionBarCountText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int ActionBarOverflowMenuItemText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int ActionBarPromptText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int ActionBarText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int ActionBarTitleText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int ActiveLabel
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int Animation
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int Animation_DropDownCenter
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int Animation_DropDownDown
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int Animation_DropDownUp
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int AppFlagCheckBox
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int AppFlagCheckBox_SdCard
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int AppFlagCheckBox_System
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int AppFlagCheckBox_User
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int AppFlagText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int AppInfoLabel
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int AppInfoPackageText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int AppInfoText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int AppListLabel
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int AppSortRadioBox
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int AppTheme
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int AppUsageInfoLabel
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int AppUsageInfoListTitle
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int AppUsageInfoSlidingDrawer
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int AppUsageInfoText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int AppWidgetFavoriteAppLabel
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int AskBoardText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int AskQuestionContent
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int BootActiveLabelText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int BootRecordDeltaText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int BootRecordText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int BootRecordTitle
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int BottomFloatingWindowButton
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int BottomFloatingWindowTitle
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int CoreAppCheckExplainText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int CoreAppCheckResultText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int CoreAppCheckStepListText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int CoreAppCheckStepText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int DefaultAdapterView
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int DefaultAppWidgetButton
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int DefaultAppWidgetLabel
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int DefaultAppWidgetTitle
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int DefaultButton
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int DefaultCheck
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int DefaultCheck_Dark
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int DefaultCheck_Light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int DefaultEditText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int DefaultEmptyText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int DefaultGridItemText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int DefaultGridView
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int DefaultLabel
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int DefaultListItemText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int DefaultListView
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int DefaultPagerTitleStrip
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int DefaultText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int DurationCountViewText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int FavoriteAppEmptyText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int FavoriteAppLabel
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int FavoriteAppTitle
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int MemoryIndexText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int NotifyContent
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int NotifyText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int PaperClipTitle
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int ScreenOnInfoText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int Theme
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int Theme_DefaultActivity
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int Theme_DefaultActivity_Light
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int Theme_Translucent
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int Theme_Transparent
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$style: int UninstalledAppItemText
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$styleable: int[] CountView
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$styleable: int CountView_count
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$styleable: int CountView_minDigits
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$styleable: int[] DurationCountView
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$styleable: int DurationCountView_textColor
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$styleable: int DurationCountView_textSize
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$styleable: int DurationCountView_textStyle
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$styleable: int[] SlidingDrawer
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_allowSingleTap
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_animateOnClick
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_bottomOffset
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_content
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_handle
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_orientation
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_topOffset
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$xml: int activity_category_app
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$xml: int activity_category_boot
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$xml: int app_privacy_policy
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$xml: int boot_privacy_policy
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$xml: int favorite_apps_widget_info
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$xml: int plugin_app
com.dailystudio.memory.application.R$xml: int plugin_boot
com.dailystudio.memory.application.UselessAppsCheckTask
com.dailystudio.memory.application.UselessAppsCheckTask: UselessAppsCheckTask(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.ActivityUsagesListActivity
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.ActivityUsagesListActivity: ActivityUsagesListActivity()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.AppInstHistoryListActivity
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.AppInstHistoryListActivity: AppInstHistoryListActivity()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.AppUsageInfoActivity
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.AppUsageInfoActivity: AppUsageInfoActivity()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.ApplicationUsagesListActivity: ApplicationUsagesListActivity()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.AppsListActivity
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.AppsListActivity: AppsListActivity()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.CreateFavoriteAppsShortcutActivity
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.CreateFavoriteAppsShortcutActivity: CreateFavoriteAppsShortcutActivity()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.DailyApplicationUsagesListActivity
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.DailyApplicationUsagesListActivity: DailyApplicationUsagesListActivity()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.FavoriteAppsActivity
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.FavoriteAppsActivity: FavoriteAppsActivity()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.MonthlyApplicationUsagesListActivity
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.MonthlyApplicationUsagesListActivity: MonthlyApplicationUsagesListActivity()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.MonthsListActivity
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.MonthsListActivity: MonthsListActivity()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.UsageActivitiesListActivity
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.UsageActivitiesListActivity: UsageActivitiesListActivity()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.UselessAppListActivity
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.UselessAppListActivity: UselessAppListActivity()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.WeeklyApplicationUsagesListActivity
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.WeeklyApplicationUsagesListActivity: WeeklyApplicationUsagesListActivity()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.WeeksListActivity
com.dailystudio.memory.application.activity.WeeksListActivity: WeeksListActivity()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.appwidget.FavoriteAppsWidgetDataService
com.dailystudio.memory.application.appwidget.FavoriteAppsWidgetDataService: FavoriteAppsWidgetDataService()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.appwidget.FavoriteAppsWidgetProvider
com.dailystudio.memory.application.appwidget.FavoriteAppsWidgetProvider: FavoriteAppsWidgetProvider()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.AbsResMemoryObject
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.AbsResMemoryObject: AbsResMemoryObject(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.ActivityUsageStatistics
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.ActivityUsageStatistics: ActivityUsageStatistics(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.AppInstHistory
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.AppInstHistory: AppInstHistory(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.AppLabelCache
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.AppLabelCache: AppLabelCache(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.ApplicationUsageStatistics
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.ApplicationUsageStatistics: ApplicationUsageStatistics(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.CachedResMemoryObject
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.CachedResMemoryObject: CachedResMemoryObject(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.FavoriteApp
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.FavoriteApp: FavoriteApp(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.Usage
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.Usage: Usage(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.UsageComponent
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.UsageComponent: UsageComponent(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.UsageStatistics
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.UsageStatistics: UsageStatistics(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.UselessApp
com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.UselessApp: UselessApp(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.ActivityUsagesListFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.ActivityUsagesListFragment: ActivityUsagesListFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.AndroidApplicationListFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.AndroidApplicationListFragment: AndroidApplicationListFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.AppFlagsFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.AppFlagsFragment: AppFlagsFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.AppInstHistoriesListFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.AppInstHistoriesListFragment: AppInstHistoriesListFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.ApplicationUsageChartFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.ApplicationUsageChartFragment: ApplicationUsageChartFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.ApplicationUsagesListFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.ApplicationUsagesListFragment: ApplicationUsagesListFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.BaseResObjectListFragment: BaseResObjectListFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.FavoriteAppsFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.FavoriteAppsFragment: FavoriteAppsFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.FavoriteAppsSettingsListFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.FavoriteAppsSettingsListFragment: FavoriteAppsSettingsListFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.MonthsListFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.MonthsListFragment: MonthsListFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.UsageActivitiesListFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.UsageActivitiesListFragment: UsageActivitiesListFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.UselessAppsListFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.UselessAppsListFragment: UselessAppsListFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.WeeksListFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.application.fragment.WeeksListFragment: WeeksListFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.AppInfoWindow
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.AppInfoWindow: AppInfoWindow(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.AppInfoWindow: AppInfoWindow(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.AppInfoWindow: void setApplication(com.dailystudio.nativelib.application.AndroidApplication)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.AppUsageInfoWindow
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.AppUsageInfoWindow: AppUsageInfoWindow(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.AppUsageInfoWindow: AppUsageInfoWindow(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.AppUsageInfoWindow: void setAppUsage(com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.ApplicationUsageStatistics)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.AppsFilterWindow
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.AppsFilterWindow: AppsFilterWindow(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.AppsFilterWindow: AppsFilterWindow(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.AppsFilterWindow: void setAppFilterFlags(int)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.AppsFilterWindow: int getAppFilterFlags()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.AppsSortWindow
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.AppsSortWindow: AppsSortWindow(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.AppsSortWindow: AppsSortWindow(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.AppsSortWindow: void setSortType(int)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.AppsSortWindow: int getSortType()
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.UselessAppInfoWindow
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.UselessAppInfoWindow: UselessAppInfoWindow(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.UselessAppInfoWindow: UselessAppInfoWindow(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.dailystudio.memory.application.ui.UselessAppInfoWindow: void setUselessApp(com.dailystudio.memory.application.databaseobject.UselessApp)
com.dailystudio.memory.appwidget.MemoryAppWidgetDataService: MemoryAppWidgetDataService()
com.dailystudio.memory.appwidget.MemoryAppWidgetProvider: MemoryAppWidgetProvider()
com.dailystudio.memory.ask.MemoryAskHostView
com.dailystudio.memory.ask.MemoryAskHostView: MemoryAskHostView(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.ask.MemoryAskHostView: MemoryAskHostView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.dailystudio.memory.ask.MemoryAskHostView: MemoryAskHostView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.dailystudio.memory.ask.MemoryQuestion
com.dailystudio.memory.ask.MemoryQuestion: MemoryQuestion(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.ask.MemoryQuestion: MemoryQuestion(android.content.Context,int)
com.dailystudio.memory.ask.MemoryQuestionFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.ask.MemoryQuestionFragment: MemoryQuestionFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.BootALiveTask
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.BootALiveTask: BootALiveTask(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.MemoryBoot
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.MemoryBoot: MemoryBoot(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.MemoryScreenOn
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.MemoryScreenOn: MemoryScreenOn(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.MemoryUptimeAverage
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.MemoryUptimeAverage: MemoryUptimeAverage(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int actbar_overflow_dropdown_in
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int actbar_overflow_dropdown_out
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int actbar_overflow_popup_overlay_in
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int actbar_overflow_popup_overlay_out
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int actbar_prompt_in_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int actbar_prompt_out_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int ask_board_in
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int ask_board_out
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int char_layout_anim
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int chart_in
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int circle_item_in
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int circle_layout_anim
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int expand_list_item_in
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int expand_list_item_layout_anim
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int fade_in
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int fade_out
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int grid_item_in
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int grid_layout_anim
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int grow_fade_in
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int grow_fade_in_center
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int grow_fade_in_from_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int list_item_in
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int list_layout_anim
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int notify_view_in
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int notify_view_out
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int paper_clip_in
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int paper_clip_out
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int shrink_fade_out
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int shrink_fade_out_center
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int slide_fade_in_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int slide_fade_in_left
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int slide_fade_in_right
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int slide_fade_in_top
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int slide_fade_out_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int slide_fade_out_left
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int slide_fade_out_right
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$anim: int slide_fade_out_top
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$attr: int allowSingleTap
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$attr: int animateOnClick
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$attr: int bottomOffset
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$attr: int content
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$attr: int count
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$attr: int handle
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$attr: int minDigits
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$attr: int orientation
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$attr: int textColor
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$attr: int textSize
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$attr: int textStyle
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$attr: int topOffset
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int action_bar_bg_color
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int action_bar_popup_content_overlay
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int action_bar_text_color
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int action_bar_text_disable_color
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int android_blue
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int android_blue_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int black
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int blue
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int boot_expand_separator_active_color
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int boot_expand_separator_color
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int chart_transparent
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int core_app_check_step_text_color
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int dark_red
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int default_button_text_color
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int fadeText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int gold_yellow
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int gray
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int green
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int light_black
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int light_gray
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int light_white
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int orange
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int red
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int royal_blue
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int see_green
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int tomato_red
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int translucent_background
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int transparent
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int transparent_background
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$color: int white
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int actbar_count_text_size
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int actbar_custom_view_right_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int actbar_overflow_menu_icon_height
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int actbar_overflow_menu_icon_width
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int actbar_overflow_menu_item_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int actbar_overflow_menu_max_width
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int actbar_overflow_menu_text_size
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int action_bar_height
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int action_bar_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int action_bar_right_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int action_bar_text_size
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int alert_dialog_custom_view_padding_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int alert_dialog_custom_view_padding_left
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int alert_dialog_custom_view_padding_right
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int alert_dialog_custom_view_padding_top
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int app_widget_btn_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int app_widget_chart_margin_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int app_widget_chart_margin_left
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int app_widget_chart_margin_right
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int app_widget_chart_margin_top
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int app_widget_frame_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int app_widget_grid_height
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int app_widget_grid_width
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int app_widget_label_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int app_widget_label_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int app_widget_margin
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int app_widget_title_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int ask_question_answers_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int ask_question_content_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int bfw_hpadding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int bfw_min_content_height
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int bfw_title_height
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int bfw_title_hpadding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int boot_chart_margin_top
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int boot_expand_separator_size
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int boot_item_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int boot_label_width
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int close_button_size
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int core_app_check_badge_margin
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int core_app_check_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int daygroup_item_height
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int default_ask_board_width
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int default_button_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int default_chart_axis_title_size
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int default_chart_label_size
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int default_chart_legend_height
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int default_chart_legend_size
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int default_chart_margin_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int default_chart_margin_left
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int default_chart_margin_right
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int default_chart_margin_top
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int default_chart_title_size
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int default_check_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int default_content_hpadding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int default_content_vpadding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int default_empty_text_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int default_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int default_label_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int default_notify_height
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int lv_index_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int lv_index_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int lv_index_width
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int lv_item_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int lv_item_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int memory_ic_height
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int memory_ic_witdh
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int memory_index_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int memory_index_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int memory_index_width
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int month_item_height
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int notification_content_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int notification_dialog_height
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int paper_clip_content_hpadding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int paper_clip_content_vpadding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int paper_clip_frame_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int paper_clip_title_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int paper_clip_title_height
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int paper_clip_title_hmargin
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int paper_clip_title_vmargin
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$dimen: int screen_on_distrib_chart_margin_top
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int actbar_button
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int actbar_button_pressed_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int actbar_dropdown_background
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_01
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_02
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_03
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_04
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_05
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_06
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_07
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_08
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int actbar_vert_separator
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int app_widget_background
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int app_widget_btn
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int app_widget_btn_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ask_board
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ask_board_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ask_board_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ask_dialog_bg
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int check_background
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int check_off_dark
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int check_off_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int check_on
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int content_bg_op60
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int content_bg_op80
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int content_bg_op90
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int default_button
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int default_button_disabled_focused_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int default_button_disabled_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int default_button_focused_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int default_button_normal_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int default_button_pressed_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int default_content_bg
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int default_content_bg_pattern
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int default_dark_check
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int default_light_check
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int edit_text_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int get_it_on_play_logo_large
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int get_it_on_play_logo_large_disabled
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int get_it_on_play_logo_large_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int get_it_on_play_logo_large_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int guess_right
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int guess_wrong
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_action_overflow
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_action_search
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_boot
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_boot_active
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_boot_list
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_calendar_day
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_calendar_month
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_calendar_week
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_close_button
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_close_button_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_close_button_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_done
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_done_highlight
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_done_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_memory_bar_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_memory_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_memory_list
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_memory_record
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_menu_add
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_menu_calendar
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_menu_history
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_menu_list
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_menu_screen_on_filter
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_menu_screen_on_list
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_menu_screen_on_today
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_menu_screen_on_weekdays
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_menu_screen_on_weekends
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_menu_search
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_menu_share
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_menu_today
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_nofity
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int ic_screen_on
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int icon
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int list_divider
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int list_focused
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int list_longpressed
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int list_pressed_dark
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int list_pressed_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int list_selector_background_transition_dark
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int list_selector_background_transition_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int list_selector_dark
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int list_selector_disabled_dark
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int list_selector_disabled_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int list_selector_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int menu_dropdown_panel_holo_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int notification_dialog_bg
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int notify_bird_left
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int notify_bird_right
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int notify_pole_and_line
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int paper_clip_close_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int paper_clip_close_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int paper_clip_window
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int paper_clip_window_close
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int scrollbar_handle
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int textfield_activated_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int textfield_default_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled_focused_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int textfield_focused_light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$drawable: int vert_divider
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int actbar_activity_actionbar
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int actbar_activity_content
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int actbar_activity_overflow_menu
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int actbar_custome_view
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int actbar_overflow
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int actbar_overflow_menu_item
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int actbar_overflow_menu_list
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int actbar_overflow_menu_root
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int actbar_overflow_popup_overlay
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int actbar_progress
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int actbar_prompt
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int actbar_root
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int actbar_title
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int ask_board
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int ask_view
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int bold
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int boot_actbar_custom_view
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int boot_base_layout
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int boot_expand_layout
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int boot_expand_separator
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int boot_info
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int boot_label_lifetime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int boot_label_shutdown
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int boot_label_uptime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int boot_lifetime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int boot_list_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int boot_records_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int boot_seq
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int boot_shutdown
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int boot_time
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int boot_uptime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int boots_count
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int chartStub
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int core_app_check_explain
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int core_app_check_google_play_badge
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int core_app_check_know_button
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int core_app_check_memory_installed
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int core_app_check_not_show_again_check
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int core_app_check_plugin
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int core_app_check_plugin_icon
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int core_app_check_plugin_name
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int core_app_check_step_one
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int core_app_check_step_two
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int core_app_check_steps
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int fragment_notification
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int fragment_question
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int fragment_view_root
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int horizontal
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int italic
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int memory_icon
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int memory_index
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int menu_item_icon
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int menu_item_text
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int menu_list_months
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int menu_screen_on_list
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int menu_screen_on_today
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int menu_screen_on_weekdays
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int menu_screen_on_weekends
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int month
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int month_name
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int months_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int normal
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int notification_close
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int notification_content
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int notification_title
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int notification_title_separator
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int notify_slot_1
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int notify_slot_2
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int notify_slot_3
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int notify_slot_4
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int notify_slots_root
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int notify_view
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int paper_clip_close_button
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int paper_clip_content
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int paper_clip_icon
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int paper_clip_title
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int paper_clip_title_separator
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int question_answer_right
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int question_answer_wrong
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int question_answers
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int question_content
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int question_title
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int question_title_separator
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int record_fastest_uptime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int record_fastest_uptime_delta
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int record_longest_liftime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int record_longest_liftime_delta
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int record_shortest_liftime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int record_shortest_liftime_delta
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int record_slowest_uptime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int record_slowest_uptime_delta
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int screen_on_boot_seq
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int screen_on_distrib_chart_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int screen_on_duration
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int screen_on_info
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int screen_on_label_duration
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int screen_on_label_seq
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int screen_on_list_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int screen_on_time
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int stats_lifetime_day
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int stats_lifetime_day_label
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int stats_lifetime_hour
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int stats_lifetime_hour_label
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int stats_lifetime_min
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int stats_lifetime_min_label
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int stats_lifetime_sec
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int stats_lifetime_sec_label
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int uptime_trends_actbar_custom_view
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int uptime_trends_chart_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int uptime_trends_curr_month
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int uptime_trends_month_chart_fragment
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int vertical
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int week_num
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int week_range
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int weekay_time
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$id: int weekday_dayname
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$integer: int config_chartAnimTime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$integer: int config_defaultAnimTime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$integer: int config_notifyAnimTime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$integer: int config_overflowAnimTime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$integer: int config_overflowOverlayAnimTime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$integer: int config_slowAnimTime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int actbar_activity
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int actbar_base
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int actbar_overflow_menu
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int actbar_overflow_menu_item
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int activity_boot_list
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int activity_boot_recrods
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int activity_core_app_check
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int activity_months_list
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int activity_notification
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int activity_question
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int activity_screen_on_distrub_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int activity_screen_on_list
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int activity_uptime_trends_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int activity_uptime_trends_month_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int ask_host_view
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int boot_item
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int boot_item_expand
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int boot_list_actionbar
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int fragment_boot_records
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int fragment_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int fragment_list
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int fragment_memory_ask
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int fragment_memory_notification
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int fragment_memory_notify
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int fragment_memory_question
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int layout_duration_count_view
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int layout_month
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int month_item
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int notify_host_view
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int paper_clip_window
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int screen_on_item
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int uptime_trends_actionbar
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int week_item
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$layout: int weekday_item
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$menu: int menu_overflow_base_screen_on_distrib_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$menu: int menu_overflow_screen_on_distrib_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$menu: int menu_overflow_uptime_trend_month_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$raw: int default_showcase_404_page
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$raw: int default_showcase_404_page_style
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int activity_ask_question
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int activity_boot_list
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int activity_boot_records
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int activity_months_list
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int activity_notification
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int activity_screen_on_distrib_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int activity_screen_on_distrib_today
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int activity_screen_on_distrib_weekdays
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int activity_screen_on_distrib_weekends
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int activity_screen_on_list
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int activity_uptime_trends_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int activity_uptime_trends_month_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int alert_dialog_button_cancel
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int alert_dialog_button_confirm
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int app_name
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int build_device
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int build_manufacture
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int build_platform
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int category_boot_label
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int chart_label_hour
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int chart_label_minutes
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int chart_label_seconds
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int chart_lable_date
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int core_app_check_button_know
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int core_app_check_confirm_dialog_message
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int core_app_check_confirm_dialog_title
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int core_app_check_explaination
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int core_app_check_installed
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int core_app_check_not_installed
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int core_app_check_not_show_again
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int core_app_check_step_one
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int core_app_check_step_two
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int default_ask_board_text
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int default_ask_question_title
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int default_bfw_title
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int default_category_label
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int default_iv_description
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int default_nodata_prompt
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int default_notification_title
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int default_paper_clip_window_title
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int default_searchable_matches_templ
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int error_unknow
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int flag_estimated
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int label_boot_lifetime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int label_boot_shutdown
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int label_boot_uptime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int label_fastest
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int label_longest
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int label_screen_on_boot_seq
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int label_screen_on_duration
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int label_screen_on_time
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int label_shortest
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int label_slowest
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int leaderboard_fastest_bootup
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int menu_list_months
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int menu_screen_on_list
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int menu_screen_on_today
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int menu_screen_on_weekdays
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int menu_screen_on_weekends
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int month_pattern
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int notify_contnet_new_fastest_bootup
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int notify_contnet_new_longest_liftime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int notify_contnet_new_shortest_liftime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int notify_contnet_new_slowest_bootup
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int notify_title_new_bootup_records
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int notify_title_new_liftime_records
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int plugin_label_boot
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int screen_chart_load_prompt
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int series_title_screen_on_duration
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int series_title_uptime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int series_title_uptime_avg
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int task_label_boot_alive
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int task_label_screen_on_off
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int time_print_date_format
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int time_print_label_day
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int time_print_label_days
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int time_print_label_hour
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int time_print_label_min
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int time_print_label_sec
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$string: int time_print_time_format
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int ActionBarCountText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int ActionBarOverflowMenuItemText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int ActionBarPromptText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int ActionBarText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int ActionBarTitleText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int ActiveLabel
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int Animation
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int Animation_DropDownCenter
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int Animation_DropDownDown
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int Animation_DropDownUp
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int AppTheme
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int AskBoardText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int AskQuestionContent
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int BootActiveLabelText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int BootRecordDeltaText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int BootRecordText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int BootRecordTitle
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int BottomFloatingWindowButton
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int BottomFloatingWindowTitle
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int CoreAppCheckExplainText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int CoreAppCheckResultText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int CoreAppCheckStepListText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int CoreAppCheckStepText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int DefaultAdapterView
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int DefaultAppWidgetButton
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int DefaultAppWidgetLabel
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int DefaultAppWidgetTitle
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int DefaultButton
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int DefaultCheck
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int DefaultCheck_Dark
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int DefaultCheck_Light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int DefaultEditText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int DefaultEmptyText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int DefaultGridItemText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int DefaultGridView
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int DefaultLabel
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int DefaultListItemText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int DefaultListView
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int DefaultPagerTitleStrip
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int DefaultText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int DurationCountViewText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int MemoryIndexText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int NotifyContent
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int NotifyText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int PaperClipTitle
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int ScreenOnInfoText
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int Theme
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int Theme_DefaultActivity
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int Theme_DefaultActivity_Light
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int Theme_Translucent
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$style: int Theme_Transparent
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$styleable: int[] CountView
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$styleable: int CountView_count
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$styleable: int CountView_minDigits
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$styleable: int[] DurationCountView
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$styleable: int DurationCountView_textColor
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$styleable: int DurationCountView_textSize
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$styleable: int DurationCountView_textStyle
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$styleable: int[] SlidingDrawer
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_allowSingleTap
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_animateOnClick
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_bottomOffset
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_content
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_handle
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_orientation
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_topOffset
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$xml: int activity_category_boot
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$xml: int boot_privacy_policy
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.R$xml: int plugin_boot
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.ScreenOnOffTask
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.ScreenOnOffTask: ScreenOnOffTask(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.fragment.BootListFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.fragment.BootListFragment: BootListFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.fragment.BootRecordsFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.fragment.BootRecordsFragment: BootRecordsFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.fragment.ScreenOnDistribChartFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.fragment.ScreenOnDistribChartFragment: ScreenOnDistribChartFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.fragment.ScreenOnListFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.fragment.ScreenOnListFragment: ScreenOnListFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.fragment.UptimeTrendsChartFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.fragment.UptimeTrendsChartFragment: UptimeTrendsChartFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.fragment.UptimeTrendsMonthChartFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.fragment.UptimeTrendsMonthChartFragment: UptimeTrendsMonthChartFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.record.MemoryBootRecordDatabaseModal$MaxAndMinBootupTime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.record.MemoryBootRecordDatabaseModal$MaxAndMinBootupTime: MemoryBootRecordDatabaseModal$MaxAndMinBootupTime(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.record.MemoryBootRecordDatabaseModal$MaxAndMinLifeTime
com.dailystudio.memory.boot.record.MemoryBootRecordDatabaseModal$MaxAndMinLifeTime: MemoryBootRecordDatabaseModal$MaxAndMinLifeTime(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.core.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.dailystudio.memory.core.R$drawable: int icon
com.dailystudio.memory.core.R$string: int app_name
com.dailystudio.memory.core.R$string: int build_device
com.dailystudio.memory.core.R$string: int build_manufacture
com.dailystudio.memory.core.R$string: int build_platform
com.dailystudio.memory.core.R$style: int AppTheme
com.dailystudio.memory.dataobject.DateGroupObject
com.dailystudio.memory.dataobject.DateGroupObject: DateGroupObject(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.dataobject.MemoryObject
com.dailystudio.memory.dataobject.MemoryObject: MemoryObject(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.dataobject.MemoryObject: MemoryObject(android.content.Context,int)
com.dailystudio.memory.dataobject.MonthObject
com.dailystudio.memory.dataobject.MonthObject: MonthObject(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.dataobject.WeekObject
com.dailystudio.memory.dataobject.WeekObject: WeekObject(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.dataobject.WeekdayObject
com.dailystudio.memory.dataobject.WeekdayObject: WeekdayObject(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.fragment.AbsDateGroupListFragment: AbsDateGroupListFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.fragment.AbsMonthsListFragment: AbsMonthsListFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.fragment.AbsWeeksListFragment: AbsWeeksListFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.fragment.MemoryChartFragment: MemoryChartFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.fragment.MemoryPeroidChartFragment: MemoryPeroidChartFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.fragment.MemoryPeroidCursorListFragment: MemoryPeroidCursorListFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.fragment.MemoryPeroidObjectsListFragment: MemoryPeroidObjectsListFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.game.EncryptedMemoryObject
com.dailystudio.memory.game.EncryptedMemoryObject: EncryptedMemoryObject(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.game.UncommittedAchievement
com.dailystudio.memory.game.UncommittedAchievement: UncommittedAchievement(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.game.UncommittedAchievement$AchievementType: com.dailystudio.memory.game.UncommittedAchievement$AchievementType[] values()
com.dailystudio.memory.game.UncommittedAchievement$AchievementType: com.dailystudio.memory.game.UncommittedAchievement$AchievementType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.dailystudio.memory.game.UncommittedLeaderboardScore
com.dailystudio.memory.game.UncommittedLeaderboardScore: UncommittedLeaderboardScore(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.menu.ActionBarOverflowMenuView
com.dailystudio.memory.menu.ActionBarOverflowMenuView: ActionBarOverflowMenuView(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.menu.ActionBarOverflowMenuView: ActionBarOverflowMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.dailystudio.memory.menu.ActionBarOverflowMenuView: void setActionBarOverflowMenuItemCallbacks(com.dailystudio.memory.menu.ActionBarOverflowMenuView$ActionBarOverflowMenuItemCallbacks)
com.dailystudio.memory.notify.MemoryNotification
com.dailystudio.memory.notify.MemoryNotification: MemoryNotification(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.notify.MemoryNotification: MemoryNotification(android.content.Context,int)
com.dailystudio.memory.notify.MemoryNotificationFragment
com.dailystudio.memory.notify.MemoryNotificationFragment: MemoryNotificationFragment()
com.dailystudio.memory.notify.MemoryNotifyHostView
com.dailystudio.memory.notify.MemoryNotifyHostView: MemoryNotifyHostView(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.notify.MemoryNotifyHostView: MemoryNotifyHostView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.dailystudio.memory.notify.MemoryNotifyHostView: MemoryNotifyHostView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.dailystudio.memory.notify.MemoryNotifyHostView: void setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
com.dailystudio.memory.plugin.MemoryPlugin: MemoryPlugin()
com.dailystudio.memory.plugin.PluginObserverable
com.dailystudio.memory.plugin.PluginObserverable: PluginObserverable(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.record.MemoryRecord
com.dailystudio.memory.record.MemoryRecord: MemoryRecord(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.MemorySearchableContentProvider: MemorySearchableContentProvider()
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.MemorySearchableQuery
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.MemorySearchableQuery: com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.QueryParamterAnanlyzer[] sAnalyzers
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.MemorySearchableQuery: java.lang.String queryInputs
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.MemorySearchableQuery: java.util.List keywordQueryParams
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.MemorySearchableQuery: java.util.List timeQueryParams
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.MemorySearchableQuery: java.util.List textQueryParams
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.MemorySearchableQuery: void <clinit>()
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.MemorySearchableQuery: MemorySearchableQuery()
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.MemorySearchableQuery: void buildFromInputs(java.lang.String)
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.MemorySearchableQuery: void dispatchAndAddQueryParameters(com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.QueryParameter)
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.MemorySearchableQuery: java.lang.String toString()
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.KeywordQueryParameter
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.KeywordQueryParameter: java.util.Map sTranlators
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.KeywordQueryParameter: java.lang.String keyword
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.KeywordQueryParameter: void <clinit>()
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.KeywordQueryParameter: KeywordQueryParameter()
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.KeywordQueryParameter: boolean isValid()
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.KeywordQueryParameter: java.lang.String toString()
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.KeywordQueryParameter: com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.QueryParameter checkOrTranlateBuildinKeyword(com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.KeywordQueryParameter)
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.QueryParameter: java.lang.String QUERY_TYPE_DATE
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.QueryParameter: java.lang.String QUERY_TYPE_TEXT
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.QueryParameter: java.lang.String QUERY_TYPE_KEYWORD
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.QueryParameter: java.lang.String queryType
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.QueryParameter: QueryParameter()
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.QueryParameter: boolean isValid()
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.QueryParameter: java.lang.String toString()
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.TextQueryParameter
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.TextQueryParameter: java.lang.String text
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.TextQueryParameter: TextQueryParameter()
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.TextQueryParameter: boolean isValid()
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.TextQueryParameter: java.lang.String toString()
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.TimeQueryParameter
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.TimeQueryParameter: long timeBegin
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.TimeQueryParameter: long timeEnd
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.TimeQueryParameter: TimeQueryParameter()
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.TimeQueryParameter: boolean isValid()
com.dailystudio.memory.searchable.queryparams.TimeQueryParameter: java.lang.String toString()
com.dailystudio.memory.task.ConditionalTaskHost
com.dailystudio.memory.task.ConditionalTaskHost: ConditionalTaskHost(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.task.PeriodicalTaskHost
com.dailystudio.memory.task.PeriodicalTaskHost: PeriodicalTaskHost(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.task.Task: Task(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.task.TaskHost: TaskHost(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.task.TaskHostAction
com.dailystudio.memory.task.TaskHostAction: TaskHostAction(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.task.TaskHostAction: TaskHostAction(android.content.Context,int)
com.dailystudio.memory.task.TaskStatus: com.dailystudio.memory.task.TaskStatus[] values()
com.dailystudio.memory.task.TaskStatus: com.dailystudio.memory.task.TaskStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.dailystudio.memory.task.TasksKeepAliveService: TasksKeepAliveService()
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.AbstractWindow: AbstractWindow(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.AbstractWindow: AbstractWindow(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.AbstractWindow: AbstractWindow(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.AbstractWindow: android.view.animation.Animation getWindowOpenAnimation()
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.AbstractWindow: android.view.animation.Animation getWindowCloseAnimation()
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.AbstractWindow: void setTitle(int)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.AbstractWindow: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.AbstractWindow: void setTitleColor(int)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.AbstractWindow: void setTitleColorResource(int)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.AbstractWindow: void setIcon(int)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.AbstractWindow: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.AbstractWindow: void setContentView(int)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.AbstractWindow: void setContentView(android.view.View)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.CountView
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.CountView: CountView(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.CountView: CountView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.CountView: CountView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.CountView: void setMinimumDigits(int)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.CountView: int getMinimumDigits()
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.CountView: void setOnCountListener(com.dailystudio.memory.ui.CountView$OnCountListener)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.DurationCountView: void setTextStyle(int)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.DurationCountView: void setTextColor(int)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.DurationCountView: void setTextSize(float)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.DurationCountView: void setDuration(long)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.DurationCountView: void setOnCountDurationListener(com.dailystudio.memory.ui.DurationCountView$OnCountDurationListener)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.FloatingChildLayout
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.FloatingChildLayout: FloatingChildLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.FloatingChildLayout: android.view.View getChild()
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.FloatingChildLayout: void setChildTargetScreen(android.graphics.Rect)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.FloatingChildLayout: android.graphics.Rect getTargetInWindow()
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.FloatingChildLayout: void setOnOutsideTouchListener(android.view.View$OnTouchListener)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.FloatingWindow: android.view.animation.Animation getWindowOpenAnimation()
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.FloatingWindow: android.view.animation.Animation getWindowCloseAnimation()
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.InLayoutWindow: InLayoutWindow(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.InLayoutWindow: InLayoutWindow(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.InLayoutWindow: InLayoutWindow(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.PaperClipLayout: PaperClipLayout(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.PaperClipLayout: PaperClipLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.PaperClipLayout: PaperClipLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.PaperClipLayout: android.view.animation.Animation getWindowOpenAnimation()
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.PaperClipLayout: android.view.animation.Animation getWindowCloseAnimation()
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.PaperClipWindow: android.view.animation.Animation getWindowOpenAnimation()
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.PaperClipWindow: android.view.animation.Animation getWindowCloseAnimation()
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int actbar_overflow_dropdown_in
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int actbar_overflow_dropdown_out
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int actbar_overflow_popup_overlay_in
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int actbar_overflow_popup_overlay_out
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int actbar_prompt_in_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int actbar_prompt_out_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int ask_board_in
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int ask_board_out
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int char_layout_anim
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int chart_in
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int circle_item_in
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int circle_layout_anim
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int expand_list_item_in
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int expand_list_item_layout_anim
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int fade_in
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int fade_out
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int grid_item_in
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int grid_layout_anim
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int grow_fade_in
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int grow_fade_in_center
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int grow_fade_in_from_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int list_item_in
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int list_layout_anim
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int notify_view_in
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int notify_view_out
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int paper_clip_in
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int paper_clip_out
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int shrink_fade_out
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int shrink_fade_out_center
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int slide_fade_in_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int slide_fade_in_left
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int slide_fade_in_right
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int slide_fade_in_top
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int slide_fade_out_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int slide_fade_out_left
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int slide_fade_out_right
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$anim: int slide_fade_out_top
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$attr: int allowSingleTap
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$attr: int animateOnClick
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$attr: int bottomOffset
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$attr: int content
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$attr: int count
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$attr: int handle
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$attr: int minDigits
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$attr: int orientation
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$attr: int textColor
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$attr: int textSize
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$attr: int textStyle
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$attr: int topOffset
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int action_bar_bg_color
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int action_bar_popup_content_overlay
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int action_bar_text_color
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int action_bar_text_disable_color
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int android_blue
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int android_blue_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int black
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int blue
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int chart_transparent
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int core_app_check_step_text_color
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int dark_red
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int default_button_text_color
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int fadeText
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int gold_yellow
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int gray
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int green
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int light_black
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int light_gray
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int light_white
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int orange
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int red
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int royal_blue
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int see_green
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int tomato_red
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int translucent_background
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int transparent
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int transparent_background
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$color: int white
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int actbar_custom_view_right_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int actbar_overflow_menu_icon_height
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int actbar_overflow_menu_icon_width
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int actbar_overflow_menu_item_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int actbar_overflow_menu_max_width
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int actbar_overflow_menu_text_size
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int action_bar_height
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int action_bar_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int action_bar_right_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int action_bar_text_size
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int alert_dialog_custom_view_padding_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int alert_dialog_custom_view_padding_left
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int alert_dialog_custom_view_padding_right
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int alert_dialog_custom_view_padding_top
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int app_widget_btn_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int app_widget_chart_margin_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int app_widget_chart_margin_left
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int app_widget_chart_margin_right
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int app_widget_chart_margin_top
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int app_widget_frame_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int app_widget_grid_height
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int app_widget_grid_width
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int app_widget_label_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int app_widget_label_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int app_widget_margin
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int app_widget_title_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int ask_question_answers_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int ask_question_content_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int bfw_hpadding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int bfw_min_content_height
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int bfw_title_height
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int bfw_title_hpadding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int close_button_size
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int core_app_check_badge_margin
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int core_app_check_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int daygroup_item_height
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int default_ask_board_width
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int default_button_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int default_chart_axis_title_size
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int default_chart_label_size
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int default_chart_legend_height
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int default_chart_legend_size
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int default_chart_margin_bottom
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int default_chart_margin_left
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int default_chart_margin_right
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int default_chart_margin_top
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int default_chart_title_size
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int default_check_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int default_content_hpadding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int default_content_vpadding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int default_empty_text_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int default_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int default_label_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int default_notify_height
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int lv_index_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int lv_index_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int lv_index_width
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int lv_item_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int lv_item_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int memory_ic_height
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int memory_ic_witdh
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int memory_index_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int memory_index_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int memory_index_width
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int notification_content_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int notification_dialog_height
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int paper_clip_content_hpadding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int paper_clip_content_vpadding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int paper_clip_frame_padding
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int paper_clip_title_font_size
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int paper_clip_title_height
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int paper_clip_title_hmargin
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$dimen: int paper_clip_title_vmargin
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int actbar_button
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int actbar_button_pressed_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int actbar_dropdown_background
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_01
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_02
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_03
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_04
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_05
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_06
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_07
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int actbar_prg_08
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int actbar_vert_separator
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int app_widget_background
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int app_widget_btn
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int app_widget_btn_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ask_board
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ask_board_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ask_board_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ask_dialog_bg
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int check_background
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int check_off_dark
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int check_off_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int check_on
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int content_bg_op60
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int content_bg_op80
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int content_bg_op90
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int default_button
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int default_button_disabled_focused_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int default_button_disabled_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int default_button_focused_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int default_button_normal_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int default_button_pressed_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int default_content_bg
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int default_content_bg_pattern
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int default_dark_check
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int default_light_check
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int edit_text_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int get_it_on_play_logo_large
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int get_it_on_play_logo_large_disabled
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int get_it_on_play_logo_large_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int get_it_on_play_logo_large_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int guess_right
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int guess_wrong
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_action_overflow
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_action_search
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_calendar_day
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_calendar_month
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_calendar_week
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_close_button
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_close_button_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_close_button_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_done
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_done_highlight
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_done_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_memory_bar_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_memory_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_memory_list
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_memory_record
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_menu_add
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_menu_calendar
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_menu_history
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_menu_list
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_menu_search
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_menu_share
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_menu_today
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int ic_nofity
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int icon
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int list_divider
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int list_focused
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int list_longpressed
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int list_pressed_dark
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int list_pressed_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int list_selector_background_transition_dark
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int list_selector_background_transition_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int list_selector_dark
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int list_selector_disabled_dark
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int list_selector_disabled_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int list_selector_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int menu_dropdown_panel_holo_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int notification_dialog_bg
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int notify_bird_left
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int notify_bird_right
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int notify_pole_and_line
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int paper_clip_close_normal
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int paper_clip_close_pressed
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int paper_clip_window
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int paper_clip_window_close
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int scrollbar_handle
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int textfield_activated_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int textfield_default_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled_focused_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int textfield_focused_light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$drawable: int vert_divider
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int actbar_activity_actionbar
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int actbar_activity_content
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int actbar_activity_overflow_menu
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int actbar_custome_view
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int actbar_overflow
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int actbar_overflow_menu_item
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int actbar_overflow_menu_list
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int actbar_overflow_menu_root
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int actbar_overflow_popup_overlay
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int actbar_progress
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int actbar_prompt
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int actbar_root
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int actbar_title
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int ask_board
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int ask_view
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int bold
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int chartStub
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int core_app_check_explain
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int core_app_check_google_play_badge
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int core_app_check_know_button
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int core_app_check_memory_installed
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int core_app_check_not_show_again_check
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int core_app_check_plugin
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int core_app_check_plugin_icon
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int core_app_check_plugin_name
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int core_app_check_step_one
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int core_app_check_step_two
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int core_app_check_steps
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int fragment_notification
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int fragment_question
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int fragment_view_root
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int horizontal
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int italic
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int menu_item_icon
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int menu_item_text
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int month_name
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int normal
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int notification_close
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int notification_content
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int notification_title
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int notification_title_separator
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int notify_slot_1
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int notify_slot_2
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int notify_slot_3
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int notify_slot_4
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int notify_slots_root
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int notify_view
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int paper_clip_close_button
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int paper_clip_content
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int paper_clip_icon
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int paper_clip_title
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int paper_clip_title_separator
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int question_answer_right
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int question_answer_wrong
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int question_answers
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int question_content
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int question_title
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int question_title_separator
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int stats_lifetime_day
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int stats_lifetime_day_label
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int stats_lifetime_hour
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int stats_lifetime_hour_label
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int stats_lifetime_min
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int stats_lifetime_min_label
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int stats_lifetime_sec
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int stats_lifetime_sec_label
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int vertical
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int week_num
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int week_range
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int weekay_time
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$id: int weekday_dayname
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$integer: int config_chartAnimTime
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$integer: int config_defaultAnimTime
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$integer: int config_notifyAnimTime
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$integer: int config_overflowAnimTime
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$integer: int config_overflowOverlayAnimTime
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$integer: int config_slowAnimTime
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int actbar_activity
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int actbar_base
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int actbar_overflow_menu
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int actbar_overflow_menu_item
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int activity_core_app_check
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int activity_notification
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int activity_question
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int ask_host_view
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int fragment_chart
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int fragment_list
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int fragment_memory_ask
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int fragment_memory_notification
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int fragment_memory_notify
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int fragment_memory_question
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int layout_duration_count_view
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int month_item
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int notify_host_view
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int paper_clip_window
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int week_item
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$layout: int weekday_item
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$raw: int default_showcase_404_page
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$raw: int default_showcase_404_page_style
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int activity_ask_question
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int activity_notification
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int alert_dialog_button_cancel
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int alert_dialog_button_confirm
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int app_name
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int build_device
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int build_manufacture
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int build_platform
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int chart_lable_date
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int core_app_check_button_know
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int core_app_check_confirm_dialog_message
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int core_app_check_confirm_dialog_title
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int core_app_check_explaination
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int core_app_check_installed
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int core_app_check_not_installed
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int core_app_check_not_show_again
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int core_app_check_step_one
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int core_app_check_step_two
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int default_ask_board_text
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int default_ask_question_title
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int default_bfw_title
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int default_category_label
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int default_iv_description
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int default_nodata_prompt
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int default_notification_title
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int default_paper_clip_window_title
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int default_searchable_matches_templ
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int error_unknow
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int month_pattern
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int time_print_date_format
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int time_print_label_day
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int time_print_label_days
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int time_print_label_hour
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int time_print_label_min
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int time_print_label_sec
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$string: int time_print_time_format
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int ActionBarOverflowMenuItemText
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int ActionBarPromptText
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int ActionBarText
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int ActionBarTitleText
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int ActiveLabel
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int Animation
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int Animation_DropDownCenter
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int Animation_DropDownDown
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int Animation_DropDownUp
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int AppTheme
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int AskBoardText
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int AskQuestionContent
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int BottomFloatingWindowButton
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int BottomFloatingWindowTitle
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int CoreAppCheckExplainText
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int CoreAppCheckResultText
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int CoreAppCheckStepListText
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int CoreAppCheckStepText
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int DefaultAdapterView
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int DefaultAppWidgetButton
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int DefaultAppWidgetLabel
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int DefaultAppWidgetTitle
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int DefaultButton
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int DefaultCheck
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int DefaultCheck_Dark
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int DefaultCheck_Light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int DefaultEditText
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int DefaultEmptyText
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int DefaultGridItemText
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int DefaultGridView
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int DefaultLabel
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int DefaultListItemText
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int DefaultListView
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int DefaultPagerTitleStrip
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int DefaultText
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int DurationCountViewText
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int MemoryIndexText
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int NotifyContent
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int NotifyText
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int PaperClipTitle
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int Theme
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int Theme_DefaultActivity
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int Theme_DefaultActivity_Light
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int Theme_Translucent
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$style: int Theme_Transparent
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$styleable: int[] CountView
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$styleable: int CountView_count
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$styleable: int CountView_minDigits
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$styleable: int[] DurationCountView
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$styleable: int DurationCountView_textColor
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$styleable: int DurationCountView_textSize
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$styleable: int DurationCountView_textStyle
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$styleable: int[] SlidingDrawer
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_allowSingleTap
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_animateOnClick
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_bottomOffset
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_content
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_handle
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_orientation
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.R$styleable: int SlidingDrawer_topOffset
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.SlidingDrawer
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.SlidingDrawer: SlidingDrawer(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.SlidingDrawer: SlidingDrawer(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.SlidingDrawer: void setOnDrawerOpenListener(com.dailystudio.memory.ui.SlidingDrawer$OnDrawerOpenListener)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.SlidingDrawer: void setOnDrawerCloseListener(com.dailystudio.memory.ui.SlidingDrawer$OnDrawerCloseListener)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.SlidingDrawer: void setOnDrawerScrollListener(com.dailystudio.memory.ui.SlidingDrawer$OnDrawerScrollListener)
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.SlidingDrawer: android.view.View getHandle()
com.dailystudio.memory.ui.SlidingDrawer: android.view.View getContent()
com.dailystudio.nativeapplib.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.dailystudio.nativeapplib.R$drawable: int icon
com.dailystudio.nativeapplib.R$string: int app_name
com.dailystudio.nativeapplib.R$string: int build_device
com.dailystudio.nativeapplib.R$string: int build_manufacture
com.dailystudio.nativeapplib.R$string: int build_platform
com.dailystudio.nativeapplib.R$style: int AppTheme
com.dailystudio.nativelib.application.AppObservable
com.dailystudio.nativelib.application.AppObservable: AppObservable(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.nativelib.observable.ConnectivityObservable
com.dailystudio.nativelib.observable.ConnectivityObservable: ConnectivityObservable(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.nativelib.observable.NativeObservable: NativeObservable(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.nativelib.observable.ScreenOnOffObservable
com.dailystudio.nativelib.observable.ScreenOnOffObservable: ScreenOnOffObservable(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.nativelib.observable.TimeTickObservable
com.dailystudio.nativelib.observable.TimeTickObservable: TimeTickObservable(android.content.Context)
com.dailystudio.nativelib.observable.WifiObservable
com.dailystudio.nativelib.observable.WifiObservable: WifiObservable(android.content.Context)
com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy: com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy[] values()
com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy: com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy: com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy[] values()
com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy: com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.gson.stream.JsonScope: com.google.gson.stream.JsonScope[] values()
com.google.gson.stream.JsonScope: com.google.gson.stream.JsonScope valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken: com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken[] values()
com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken: com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.achartengine.GraphicalView: org.achartengine.model.SeriesSelection getCurrentSeriesAndPoint()
org.achartengine.GraphicalView: void setZoomRate(float)
org.achartengine.GraphicalView: android.graphics.RectF getZoomRectangle()
org.achartengine.chart.BarChart$Type: org.achartengine.chart.BarChart$Type[] values()
org.achartengine.chart.BarChart$Type: org.achartengine.chart.BarChart$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.achartengine.chart.PointStyle: org.achartengine.chart.PointStyle[] values()
org.achartengine.chart.PointStyle: org.achartengine.chart.PointStyle valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.achartengine.renderer.DialRenderer$Type: org.achartengine.renderer.DialRenderer$Type[] values()
org.achartengine.renderer.DialRenderer$Type: org.achartengine.renderer.DialRenderer$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.achartengine.renderer.XYMultipleSeriesRenderer$Orientation: org.achartengine.renderer.XYMultipleSeriesRenderer$Orientation[] values()
org.achartengine.renderer.XYMultipleSeriesRenderer$Orientation: org.achartengine.renderer.XYMultipleSeriesRenderer$Orientation valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.mozilla.universalchardet.UniversalDetector$InputState: org.mozilla.universalchardet.UniversalDetector$InputState[] values()
org.mozilla.universalchardet.UniversalDetector$InputState: org.mozilla.universalchardet.UniversalDetector$InputState valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.mozilla.universalchardet.prober.CharsetProber$ProbingState: org.mozilla.universalchardet.prober.CharsetProber$ProbingState[] values()
org.mozilla.universalchardet.prober.CharsetProber$ProbingState: org.mozilla.universalchardet.prober.CharsetProber$ProbingState valueOf(java.lang.String)
